Create ui-c8y-1021-5-0-add-documentation-and-examples-for-hook-services-in-codex.md (#2659)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1021-5-0-add-documentation-and-examples-for-hook-services-in-codex.md

---
date: ""

> title: Add documentation and examples for hookServices in codex

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following title:
```suggestion
title: Add documentation and examples for hook services in Codex
```

> title: Add documentation and examples for hookServices in codex

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Add documentation and examples for hookServices in Cumulocity Codex
```

> title: Add documentation and examples for hookServices in Cumulocity Codex

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: Added documentation and examples for hookServices in the Cumulocity Codex
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-QHu1GdukP
    label: Feature
component:
  - value: component-YbYJ3gLU_
    label: Web SDK
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: DM-4046
version: 1021.5.0
---

> Add documentation and examples for hookServices in codex

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following body:
```suggestion
To make it easier for developers to utilize hook services in Codex, documentation and examples have been added. The documentation provides an overview of what hook services are and how they can be used within Codex. It also includes code samples demonstrating common use cases and best practices. With these new resources available, developers should find it more straightforward to integrate hook services into their Codex projects, enabling them to extend and customize functionality as needed.
```

> Add documentation and examples for hookServices in codex

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make it easier for developers to utilize `hookServices` in their applications and plugins, documentation and examples have been added to Cumulocity Codex. The documentation provides an overview of `hookServices` ' API and suggests use cases for it. It also includes a code sample demonstrating widget plugins sharing a common state via externally injected service. With these new resources available, developers should find it more straightforward to integrate `hookServices` into their projects, enabling them to extend and customize functionality as needed.
```

> To make it easier for developers to utilize `hookServices` in their applications and plugins, documentation and examples have been added to Cumulocity Codex. The documentation provides an overview of `hookServices` ' API and suggests use cases for it. It also includes a code sample demonstrating widget plugins sharing a common state via externally injected service. With these new resources available, developers should find it more straightforward to integrate `hookServices` into their projects, enabling them to extend and customize functionality as needed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To support developers in utilizing `hookServices` in their applications and plugins, documentation and examples have been added to the {{< product-c8y-iot >}} Codex. The documentation provides an overview of the `hookServices` API and suggests use cases for it. It also includes a code sample demonstrating widget plugins sharing a common state via an externally injected service. With these new resources available, developers should find it more straightforward to integrate `hookServices` into their projects, enabling them to extend and customize functionality as needed.
```
